What is CSS?
Cascading Style Sheets, fondly referred to as CSS, is a simple design language intended to simplify the process of making web pages presentable.

Reference: https://www.tutorialspoint.com/css/what_is_css.htm

CSS handles the look and feel part of a web page. Using CSS, you can control the color of the text, the style of fonts, the spacing between paragraphs,
how columns are sized and laid out, what background images or colors are used, layout designs,variations in display for different devices and screen sizes
as well as a variety of other effects.

Reference: https://www.tutorialspoint.com/css/what_is_css.htm

Who made CSS?
Hakon Wium Lie proposed the concept of CSS while working with Tim-Berner Lee(Inventor of World wide web) in 1994. The first CSS released as a official
W3C(World Wide Web Consortium) on December 17, 1996. So, first officially CSS created by Hakon Wium Lie and Bert Bos (developed Argo web browser).

Reference: https://www.quora.com/Who-invented-CSS

Is CSS a Markup Language?
No. CSS is a style sheet language that gives appearance changes to a markup language. For example, HTML is used to create the basic layout of a web page 
such as this paragraph of text. CSS is used to define the font, font size, font weight, its position, and other visual settings.

Reference: https://www.computerhope.com/jargon/c/css.htm

What are the advantages of CSS?
CSS saves time − You can write CSS once and then reuse same sheet in multiple HTML pages. You can define a style for each HTML element and apply it to as many Web pages as you want.

Pages load faster − If you are using CSS, you do not need to write HTML tag attributes every time. Just write one CSS rule of a tag and apply it to all the occurrences of that tag. So less code means faster download times.

Easy maintenance − To make a global change, simply change the style, and all elements in all the web pages will be updated automatically.

Superior styles to HTML − CSS has a much wider array of attributes than HTML, so you can give a far better look to your HTML page in comparison to HTML attributes.

Multiple Device Compatibility − Style sheets allow content to be optimized for more than one type of device. By using the same HTML document, different versions of a website can be presented for handheld devices such as PDAs and cell phones or for printing.

Global web standards − Now HTML attributes are being deprecated and it is being recommended to use CSS. So its a good idea to start using CSS in all the HTML pages to make them compatible to future browsers.

Reference: https://www.computerhope.com/jargon/c/css.htm
